♫ Your smile is so sweet with those crooked eyes ♫
♫ The way you run towards me is especially beautiful ♫
♫ Your smile is not that simple with those crooked
corners of your mouth ♫
♫ Why do you always appear when I make a fool of myself? ♫
♫ All the summer seasons are not as romantic as meeting you ♫
♫ Am I giving you romance or warmth? ♫
♫ All the time in the world cannot compare to my
feelings for you ♫
♫ Because it is you, I will believe in eternity ♫
♫ You are the courage I will protect as if my life depends on it ♫
♫ With you protecting by my side, I have a sense of security ♫
♫ I especially love everything you give me ♫
♫ The two of us together is a small sweet satisfaction ♫
[The Love Equations]
[Previous Episode]
I want to ask why my application email to create the Detective Club still hasn't received a reply.
It doesn't meet the guidelines.
Zhou Xiao! Zhou Xiao, are you deaf?
- I'll join.
- You?
I really think he's interested in you.
Let me introduce everyone to our celebrity coach, Xie Yixing.
I'm trapped in the elevator.
[Episode 5]
[The Indescribable Dinner]
Give me your hand.
That really scared me to death.
Let me tell you, I almost didn't recover.
Hello? What were you doing just now?
You didn't even pick up the phone.
Okay, that's fine then. Just live in your game then.
Bye.
Sorry to trouble you.
I couldn't find Cai Yasi.
and I don't know any other male classmates.
But you happened to call me recently, so I...
I'll go back to my dorm from here.
Thank you for today.
I made you come all this way.
Sorry about that.
It's okay. I was close by anyway.
- Hello?
- Um... I'm trapped in the elevator.
Then I'll go now. Thanks for helping me, I'll repay you when I get the opportunity to.
Wait.
What is it?
I'll take you back.
Why?
Didn't you say there was a weird person following you?
Let's go.
Okay, thanks.
It's right there. We're almost there.
It's him! It's him!
Why is he here?
Fang Wei!
You're here.
For you.
And this.
A snack box. I made it myself.
You're so sweet.
- There are candy and this...
- What's happening here?
It's so cute!
- Do you like it?
- Yes.
What's this?
This is the gift Fang Wei gave me.
When did you guys start dating?
How come I didn't know?
After the College Entrance Exam, I confessed to him,
and then we started dating.
Not bad, our Lazy Ling-ling.
I always thought everyone in our dorm was single.
I didn't think that you would be in disguise.
You look like a Lazy Goat, but you're actually a Big Wolf.
(T/N: Reference to cartoon: Pleasant Goat and Big Big Wolf)
Stop calling me lazy.
The reason why we fought this time was because I'm too lazy.
I didn't go to the library to study with him.
Then why did the Dorm Auntie say
that Fang Wei's stuff was for Xiao Lu.
Auntie probably misunderstood.
Tao Ling, why are you angry again?
Stop following me.
But... if you need to say something just tell me properly.
I don't have anything to say you.
If you don't want to go to the  library then fine.
Why did you block me on messages?
We're fighting and you're not even comforting me. Why should I keep you?
Besides, I've unblocked you before but you didn't realize it.
Can you stop being so stubborn?
If I'm so stubborn then stop following me.
You know that I can't stand any nonsense these couple of days.
Goodbye.
- Auntie, hello.
- Hello.
Hello, the number you have dialed...
Auntie.
Can you give this to Tao Ling in room 415?
Who's Tao Ling?
The girl who just went up.
The girl with long legs?
- Yes.
- Okay, put it here.
Thank you, Auntie. I'll get going now.
- Bye-bye.
Long legs?
What do you mean by that? Are my legs not long?
My legs are just a little bigger than everyone else's.
But that doesn't affect its length.
It doesn't, it doesn't.
I'm not talking to you anymore. We're going to go on a date.
Let's go.
Bye-bye.
- Bye-bye.
I guess it was all a misunderstanding.
But still, thank you for today.
Treat me to a meal.
Didn't you say you wanted to thank me?
That's true. You saved me, I should treat you to a meal.
Okay, then. You can choose the place. Tell me once you've decided.
I'll get going now. Bye-bye.
I only have ¥100 left, and you're going to take it away?
I'll pay you back in two days. In two days, it'll be the 1st.
When you were helping out Cai Yasi in the past, you should've realized it.
I really thought I calculated everything.
But how was I supposed to know that Zhao Fanzhou would come out halfway and ask me to treat him to a meal?
I got it. I'll just beg Fang Wei to raise me for a few days.
Love you! Transfer through Wechat then. Come on.
- I'll transfer it in a bit. Why are you rushing me?
- Hurry, hurry.
- Love you!
- You took all my money.
I only have ¥50 left.
Then give me ¥25.
Zhou Xiao, are you still a human?
Okay, how much more do you need?
How much do you have?
¥200.
Deal.
Where are you guys even going to eat? Making all of us fund you.
He sent me the location at some mall.
He said we'll find a restaurant in the mall.
I searched up the nearby areas and I have a bad feeling about this.
So I guess he wanted to rip you off. I thought he wanted to court you.
Please let me go. Don't say something unlucky like that.
My heart isn't great.
Where are you guys meeting up? Should you be leaving now?
We should be meeting up at the front of the mall.
There's no need to hurry. It'll only take around 10 minutes to get there.
Just give me the ¥25 first.
Okay.
Why are you here?
Are we not going to eat?
I'm waiting for you.
Waiting for me?
Oh right. Taking a taxi together could save some money.
Let's go.
But I think taking the bus would be easier and better for the environment.
Then we'll take the bus.
Great minds think alike.
But if we had a bike that'd be even better.
We can just ride our bikes over there.
Dear passengers, we have arrived at People's Square.
Please get off from the back door. Please scan your card when getting off.
[Sashimi Buffet ¥388 per person]
(U.S. $55)
[Australia Beef Sirloin ¥258]
(U.S. $36)
Um... can we...
What is it?
Hello, are you guys ready to order?
Zhou Xiao, what do you want to eat?
Help! Send me money, hurry!
- Zhou Xiao.
- Huh?
What do you want to eat?
You order first.
Okay.
One order of sea urchin sashimi, please.
No.
[Sea Urchin Sashimi - ¥188]
(U.S. $26)
I don't eat raw food.
Then one order of foie gras.
We can't do that either.
[Foie Gras - ¥128]
(U.S. $18)
I don't eat internal organs.
You order then.
- Do you have salads?
- Yes.
Then we'll order one.
- Do you have udon with veggies or cucumber sushi?
- Yes.
Then we'll have one of each.
We should order some meat dishes, right?
Do you have Pacific saury (mackerel) or steamed eggs?
Yes, we have salted saury and milt steamed eggs.
Okay, then we'll have one of each.
Plus, two orders of miso soup.
That'll be enough, right?
Yes.
Then that's it.
Okay, please wait, then. We'll get to preparing your meal right away.
Zhou Xiao, are you okay?
Did you get kidnapped?
What are you guys eating? Didn't you bring ¥400 with you?
Do you need us to call the police?
Zhou Xiao, why aren't you replying?
How much more do you need? I'll help you think of something.
It's okay now. I used my smarts
to solve this problem.
I've been eating too much greasy food recently, I should eat something more plain.
You don't mind, right?
- No.
- That's good.
Have you thought of the activity you're going to do for the Detective Club?
Yes. Remember when I got trapped in an elevator last time?
It was pretty scary.
So I want to do a simpler version of an escape room on campus.
What do you mean by a simpler version?
I'm still thinking.
Maybe along the lines of analyzing clues
and then lead people into a secret room in the end.
It'll be cool.
Your salad. Enjoy.
- Thank you.
Eat. Don't hold back.
You don't eat carrots?
Yeah, I don't eat them.
When I was little, my mom would hit me because I wouldn't eat carrots.
I remember once in preschool,
I swore to marry the person who would eat the carrots for me.
At that time, Cai Yasi was eating the carrots for me.
He heard and started crying.
That idiot.
You like carrots?
You should've told me earlier. I'll give them to you.
Here, don't hold back.
Eat some more.
I'm so full.
Waiter, check please.
No. I said I would treat you. Don't argue with me.
Hello, your total is ¥857.
(U.S. $121)
How much?
¥857.
How is that possible?
The milt steamed eggs you ordered was made with pufferfish milt.
It costed ¥698.
(U.S. $99)
I'll pay.
Sorry about that.
I really didn't know that milt steamed eggs were that expensive.
What's exactly is milt?
You know what it is, right?
You didn't even eat one bite of it.
Since you're not going to tell me, I'll search it up myself.
Milt.
[Milt - semen of a male fish]
The money... I'll pay you back in a few days.
That's okay. It's my treat.
No, we already decided that I was paying.
Don't worry. I'm definitely paying you back.
It's fine.
You don't have to be so polite with me.
In a few days, my mom will be sending me some money.
Then I'll pay you back first thing.
How much are your monthly expenses?
Why are you asking me that?
Calculate how much you have left after you pay me back.
Around ¥700.
(U.S. $98)
Then, what are you going to eat next month?
I'll eat Cai Yasi's food. He ate a lot of mine last month.
You can just pay in installments.
That's so complicated and I'll have to consider it every month.
Forget it.
I'll remind you.
[Boys Apartment]
Old Zhao!
When did you get a new bike?
Why didn't you tell me? I want one, too.
Get off. I need to do something.
I need to, too. I'm about to be late for my next class.
Can you take me there? Let's go.
Get off.
Fine.
Petty person!
Didn't I give you ¥200 already? Why are you here again?
I passed by and saw you.
So I came to talk to you about matters regarding the Detective Club.
Detective Club? What is it?
The Detective Club's activity room has been approved.
Really? Where is it?
I'll take you after class.
That's okay. Let's just go now.
I can't stand it here anymore. Let's go, quickly.
- Let's go.
- I'm going then.
You don't even know,
I didn't get to enroll in any elective courses.
I didn't even get to enroll in physical education.
There was only soccer class left.
I'm the only girl in that class.
I'm like a soccer baby.
(T/N: a wallflower on the soccer field)
It's terrible.
♫ Putting the umbrella behind me ♫
♫ It means you are free as a bird, like a child without worries ♫
♫ Especially when you smile and matching with the
color of the sun ♫
♫ Although you can be in a daze and a bit clumsy ♫
♫ I still won’t let you go ♫
♫ Time will slowly fully charge our happiness ♫
♫ Regardless of how it turns, it’ll end up in our
satisfactory place ♫
♫ Every ray of light will have a romantic direction ♫
♫ Time will slowly exchange the seed in our heart ♫
♫ Love is simple, just catch the companion of my hand ♫
♫ It’s not troublesome ♫
♫ It must fill up with our sweet little satisfactions ♫
Hello, fellow classmates.
It may be a little surprising to see me at first,
but, in the future, you'll get used to it.
Isn't this the badminton celebrity?
Get used to it? He's never even attended this class before.
What? Did he think it was time for him to show off?
You're too loud.
Classmate Zhu Lu?
We meet again.
Did you see?
- It's him.
- I know.
Are your ears broken?
Can you not hear me talking to you?
My ears will automatically tune out irrelevant people.
Why do you hate me so much?
Yes, I did sign on your shirt,
but you also signed on my shirt.
And mine was a limited edition.
Then, why must you talk to me?
Can't we act like we don't know each other?
But we do know each other.
Okay, let's start class.
Last class, we found how to...
I didn't attend the past classes.
- Can you lend me your notes?
- We introduced...
I don't have notes.
- No way.
- For today's class, we will strongly emphasize...
You look like a good student.
You didn't even take notes?
No one takes notes in an ideology and moral cultivation class.
Then, what do you learn in this class?
First, you need to learn how to shut up.
Community service is one of the foundations of morality's origins.
Today, we talked about...
these main points, I hope everyone can...
- Such a bad temper.
- Next class, we'll do some experiments.
If there's anything you don't understand...
I have last year's notes regarding the Student Association work right here.
Look at them carefully. Then you'll get the basic idea of our work.
If you have any questions, feel free to ask us anytime.
Thank you, Senior Sisters.
Oh right. I just ordered some pizza. It'll be here soon. Let's eat together.
Sorry, I already have plans. How about you guys go ahead?
I can't go either. The advisor needs me for something. Sorry about that.
It's okay.
I'll bring it back to my dorm for my roommates.
But really, thank you, Senior Sisters.
- If it weren't for you guys, I wouldn't have understood all of this so quickly.
- Isn't this the Student Association?
Don't be so polite.
Next time, we'll treat you.
Do we have to pay rent?
I'm joking.
We're here.
"Detective Club. Skateboarding Club. Photography Club."
Because we have a lot of clubs and limited rooms,
we have to assign multiple clubs to one room.
That's okay. It doesn't really matter.
Open the door then, President.
This area is for the Detective Club.
This area?
Photography Club.
Skateboarding Club.
Detective Club.
Then... doesn't that mean...
I can use all of this?
Yes.
I can?
Then I can use all of this, too?
Wow, we saved a lot of expenses with all of this.
We've got the room, and I'm basically done organizing the event.
I've even thought of the name for our Detective Club.
It'll be called... Wait. Let me find a space.
We'll hang it up right here. It'll say "Southern University Detective Office."
Let's salute to our beloved Conan!
It really is you guys.
I thought I saw wrong. I'm not bothering you guys, right?
No, you're fine. You're looking for Zhao Fanzhou, right?
Then I'll go eat then. You guys go ahead.
Wait.
What did you need to talk to me about? We were just discussing the events for our club.
It's nothing, really. I was just passing by.
For the hacker thing... I haven't apologized to Zhou Xiao yet.
Me? It's okay. I've forgiven you.
I bought pizza. I was going to eat it with the Senior Sisters,
but they had to do something and I can't finish all of this on my own.
How about the three of us eat together?
It's okay. I'll just go to the cafeteria.
You're not still mad at me, are you?
No, no. Then...
Then let's eat together.
Fanzhou, did you join the Detective Club?
I didn't know you were interested in detectives.
It's pretty interesting.
Really? I've been looking at a bunch of clubs recently.
How about... I join, too?
Sorry, our club's full.
It's okay. I was joking.
Sorry.
There's carrots on that piece. I'll grab another one.
Cai Yasi.
You two are together?
Yes.
Does Zhou Xiao know?
- Yes.
- Yeah.
Let's sit.
- What?
- Go sit over there.
Leave this seat for Zhou Xiao.
You always talk about Zhou Xiao.
Where is she?
I don't know. You're her roommate, why are you asking me?
You guys are brothers (good buddies), how do you not know?
You guys should hurry up and call her.
Okay. You call.
What do you want to drink?
I want to drink this one.
Hello? Cai Yasi, what do you want again?
Why aren't you here yet?
Huh? Where?
High school classmate reunion. You didn't know?
Huh? No one told me.
- Tao Ling didn't tell you?
- No.
What are you doing?
Hello? Zhou Xiao.
I thought Cai Yasi told you. We're at the cafe on campus.
Come here now. We're waiting for you.
Okay, okay.
I'll be there right away. I was wrong.
Sorry, we have a high school classmate reunion today. I almost forgot.
They're all waiting for me. I'll get going. You guys keep eating.
Haven't you always hated eating carrots?
It's actually not that bad.
You used to not eat a bite of it. You'd give it all to me.
But after that incident, you never gave them to me again.
I was so sad for a long time because of that.
Are you still mad at me?
That was nothing. You don't have to take it to heart.
But after that incident, there seems to be a distance between us.
You're thinking too much. I'd probably have forgotten about it if you hadn't mentioned it.
Really? I felt guilty for a long time.
Since you said that, I can put my mind at ease.
I have class in the afternoon. I'll get going now.
Remember to lock the door when you leave.
Okay.
Look. Isn't that the Cai Yasi who hacked the freshman speech?
I think so.
Let me tell you. He was the Chinese Division champion for the ACM Collegiate Programming Contest.
- How did you know?
- I asked someone about him.
Do you want to go up and talk to him?
No, I'm too shy.
Baby, why did you just get here?
Sit here.
Here we go again. I'm about to throw up.
I'm begging you. Help me.
They must be blind for liking you.
Baby, what do you want to drink?
I want a caramel macchiato.
Okay, I'll get one for you right away.
Can you choose a cheaper one?
Then I'll break up with you.
Please, I was wrong.
Your wallet.
Are you for real?
Give it to me.
Hurry up.
Xiao, I want one, too.
Me too.
Sure, no problem. I'll get each of you one.
Be careful.
Zhou Xiao, get back here!
Cai Yasi! Cai Yasi!
- What?
- Let me ask you something. Get over here.
Hurry up.
Let me ask you. What do you think of Zhou Xiao?
I think she's not great. She's a complete scammer.
That's not what I'm talking about.
I mean... how would she be as a girlfriend?
I'm planning to introduce a guy to her.
What's the point of introducing someone to her? With Zhou Xiao,
don't harm others.
You have such a severe reaction.
You don't like her, do you?
Don't insult me like that!
What?
Just a second ago, Cai Yasi...
No, no.
What really happened?
Nothing.
What are your plans for the Detective Club?
Oh, I haven't told you guys yet.
The Student Association assigned a room for us. In the future, we can host all our events there.
Tao Ling, are you lying down again?
Definitely not. I'm sitting down and memorizing English vocab words.
Abandon. A-b-a-n-d-o-n. To give up.
You only know this one.
Okay, I promise you. I'll definitely go and study with you tomorrow.
I'm back!
What are you doing?
I'm designing our Detective Club event.
You've talked about this event so much.
When does it start?
I've been organizing stuff for the Detective Club recently. I've finally finished.
I'm announcing that the event officially starts.
It'll be this Saturday, which is in two days.
President, I want to invite a family member to the event.
Okay.
If you all are bringing friends, then I will, too.
I'll bring Luo Wei. Xiao Lu, who are you bringing?
Let me think about it.
I can't go. There's a lecture I want to listen to on Saturday.
A lecture.
Then you will miss out on a fascinating detective game.
Just keep bragging about it.
You don't believe it?
- Just wait.
- Let's go.
The school issued our Student Association to help fix the appearance of the school.
During the meeting today, we're going to have to think of a plan.
Fanzhou, what do you think?
Why is she here?
Were you listening to me?
I got it. We'll have a meeting later.
It's me again.
Zhao Fanzhou isn't here.
That's okay. I'm here to see you.
Me?
I just finished setting everything up here. I have cups but don't have water so...
That's okay.
I know you must be surprised that I came to find you like this.
But since it's for Fanzhou, I had to suck it up and come talk to you.
Did you misunderstand? He and I are just friends.
Recently, we've been interacting more, but it's just because of the Detective Club.
I'm sorry.
I didn't misunderstand.
I know Fanzhou genuinely sees you as a friend.
He doesn't have many friends,
so when I see you guys hanging out,
it makes me happy, too. Thank you.
You-You're welcome.
Actually, I know it looks like he is distant with me right now,
but we grew up together. We were as close as real brother and sister.
If it wasn't for...
Fanzhou, I want to go see Cheer Chen's concert.
Can you come with me?
I'm not interested.
Please.
What are you doing instead of going home after school?
- Auntie.
- Mom.
Fanzhou, Yichun doesn't understand,
but you should know better. You know your mom's temper.
If she were to see this, she'd get upset again.
Mom.
What? Did I say something wrong?
Last time, when his mom threw a tantrum in the elevator, you saw it, too.
Aren't you scared? You should stay away from their family.
Auntie, I'll leave now.
Come back. Wait here.
If it wasn't for my mom,
maybe our ten years of friendship would have taken a step further by now.
Why are you telling me this?
It has nothing to do with me if your relationship goes further.
I don't have any other intentions—
I'm not concerned about what you mean.
It's just that this is between you and Zhao Fanzhou. It really has nothing to do with me.
You—
Also, there's one thing I need to correct you on.
This is clearly your problem. Why are you blaming your mom?
Your mom attacked Zhao Fanzhou,
so as his friend, you should've stepped up and defended him.
Is there anything else? If not, you should leave.
I have a lot left to do here.
[Business's Five Year Anniversary, Big Bargains]
[Forensic Science Lab]
[Southern University Campus Map]
Classmate, what are you doing here?
Hello Professor.
You're Zhao Fanzhou's friend who came to listen in on my class, right?
Yes.
What are you doing here?
- Are you looking for Zhao Fanzhou?
- It's not that.
I came to experience the atmosphere of the forensic science lab. It might help my writing.
What are you writing?
Last time, you said you were looking for inspiration.
Are you writing about forensic science?
Yes. My main character is a forensic scientist.
So I need to understand forensic science more, right?
That's a good choice for a main character.
A lot of people are prejudiced against forensic science.
In web novels, the forensic scientist characters are all twisted and bloodthirsty.
You need to help restore a positive image of forensic science.
No problem.
Professor, do you also read web novels?
Have you read the one I'm writing?
It's called "Two-Faced Person: Bloodthirsty Forensic Scientist."
I'll show you.
This...
[Two-Faced Person: Bloodthirsty Forensic Scientist]
[Chapter 5]
Professor, you're my fan?
I'm so honored, really.
Your... Your writing is pretty interesting.
Then, Professor, can you show me around your lab?
Let me think about it.
No.
Why?
Because you also depict forensic scientists as twisted and bloodthirsty.
Professor, let me explain.
Professor, the book's name is  Two-Faced Person.  The other side hasn't appeared yet.
What should I do? This is my last clue.
Not bad, not bad, not bad.
Don't shrug your shoulders!
Which one do you want?
This one. Thanks.
I'll open it for you.
- Here.
- Thank you
You're welcome.
Nice shot!
Do you have time tomorrow?
What's up?
I want to invite you to our Detective Club event.
The event rules say that everyone has to bring a friend.
Okay.
Really?
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
Let's continue.
Use some more effort.
Beautiful.
Why is Zhou Xiao still not here?
She should be here soon.
I kept you guys waiting for too long.
You even knew to come?
Am I the club president or are you the club president?
Of course... it's not me,
Okay, everyone, quiet down.
I'm going to announce our groups now.
Fang Wei and Tao Ling are a group.
Xiao Lu...
- He'll be here soon.
- Okay.
You'll be a group with Chen Yu.
Cai Yasi and Zhao Fanzhou are a group.
I don't want to be in a group with him!
He's going to slow me down. I have plans to play video games later.
I'll tell you right now, you can't. This was already decided.
Then, can I be in a group by myself?
Do you still want to play?
Hello.
What are you doing here?
Chen Yu has a stomachache. He asked me to take his place.
Club President, I want to switch. I don't want to be in a group with him.
I want to switch, too.
Why should we switch just because you guys want to? I don't want to switch.
Why should we not switch just because you don't want to?
- I'm switching.
- I won't.
Zhou Xiao.
- Club President, be fair.
- Let's switch.
Stop.
Xiao, it's too dark. I'm scared.
Don't be scared. It'll be over soon.
Can we hurry up? I'm getting impatient.
Shut up and put on your eye mask.
Classmate Zhu Lu, are you here? Classmate Zhu Lu.
- I'm not here.
- Be quiet.
Classmates, the game will begin soon.
Please prepare yourselves.
I hope you guys pass each level smoothly.
Give me the key, the key!
What's wrong with you? What are you doing?
I knew you were going to do this. Anyway, I'm out now.
Hurry up!  Give me the clue for the next level.
I'm in a hurry to go play games.
If you don't want to do this, you don't have to.
Are you really angry?
Okay, I won't mess around. I'll go back inside now and listen to the club president. Okay?
Just go play your video games. I don't want to see you.
Really?
Go, go, go.
[Preview]
The game officially starts now.
Either you're really smart, or you really understand Zhou Xiao.
Shi Guoguo, can I switch seats with you?
Xiao Lu specifically emphasized that you shouldn't go.
If she doesn't want me to go, I have to go.
♫ Sunlight spilled into the wind’s embrace ♫
♫ There’s a bit of sweet air blowing our way ♫
♫ Ever since the day I first met you ♫
♫ I realized only a frame with you in it can be called a scenery ♫
♫ Silently experience all your feelings ♫
♫ Perhaps taking a step back will let me get closer ♫
♫ Thank you for giving me a pure friendship ♫
♫ You will also have a love that belongs solely to you ♫
♫ I’m so fortunate to have you in my youth ♫
♫ Only then will there be happy moments worthy
to be remembered ♫
♫ No matter where the future’s you will go ♫
♫ I will always accompany and support you to the end ♫
♫ I’ll be happy if you are happy ♫
♫ I have him tolerating my willfulness ♫
♫ Thank you for giving me a pure friendship ♫
♫ I will also have a love that belongs solely to me ♫
♫ I’m so fortunate to have you in my youth ♫
♫ Only then will there be happy moments worthy
to be remembered ♫
♫ No matter where tomorrow’s you will go ♫
♫ I will always accompany and protect you to the end ♫